Overall, it was clean and spacious, so I think it was a great place to spend a few days with friends. Hehe, but other than the part where I had a bit of trouble with the heating during the winter months, it was impeccably nice!! It was very close to the subway station and convenience stores were nearby, so I had a very comfortable stay!
“It's easy to find because it's explained with pictures, and the accommodation is neatly organized. The location is great because it is close to the subway station and has many shopping districts. Even if you have any questions, the host will actively help you ^^”
“The place is really charming and charming, everything is really cozy, the design and setting are really cozy, the location is really nice. Would have loved sweets”
Transportation is very convenient. The owner of the homestay is very nice
Irin is so charming and nice. She recommended me lot of good place and recommended relaxation advice. I chose the trip and the living room experience. Highly recommended!
It is a very clean and well-kept house. Eating as it is near to a station and quite a few eating places nearby.
“Irin is an amazing host, happy a host and happy stay. She is always available to assist with any questions or suggestions, excellent recommendations for local dining and relaxation. The location is a strange feeling, being just a short walk from the train station, which makes getting around the city effortless.”
The hotel is close to the station, and there are convenience stores, restaurants, and supermarkets nearby, so it was a great place to stay. The hotel was well-equipped, clean and quiet, and the host's feedback was quick and accurate, and I would like to use it again!!! I'm doing well and go~~^^
“The host was very kind, and we had a great time in a clean, spacious and comfortable hostel close to the subway station! It's a place I want to stay again the next time I come.”
“I'm enjoying my trip to Seoul at Irene's warm hostel ^^ I highly recommend it to anyone traveling to Seoul because they are very kind and respond quickly to messages. It's close to Jongno-gu, and it's also nice to visit Hyehwa and Daehak. It was a quiet neighborhood at night, so there was no noise at all and it was comfortable. It has a comfortable and clean interior and furniture, which is very convenient. You can also cook in the kitchen, and all utensils are provided. (I brought a charger, but I'm really lucky to have one at the hostel! ^^) This is a place I'd like to visit again~”
The hotel was very clean and close to the subway, so it was easy to get around. The young children said it was better than a hotel because it was as comfortable as home~^^ I plan to use it during my next trip to Seoul~
“Irin's accommodation was very comfortable, spacious and cozy (it is also possible to book only 1 bedroom for 1-2 guests. If I have another chance next time, I'll try it like that ^^) The area around the hotel was quiet, but there were lots of things to enjoy because there were beautiful hanok cafes, parks, and walking trails nearby. Thanks to this, I was able to make the most of my trip.”
“The hostel is spacious and clean! The bedding was all fresh, the bathroom was spacious, and even though I hadn't used it, there was a washer and dryer in the room. It's nice that there are so many pretty hanok cafes nearby. My friend and the three of us eat food delivery and have fun.”
The house was spacious and clean, so I stayed comfortably with my family. It was nice to have delicious Korean restaurants and cafes with a nice atmosphere nearby. I'll make another reservation for my next trip to Seoul. Thank you
Irin and her home are lovely. Had an amazing stay!
“Nice place to stay. The location is near to metro station, and there is elevator at the nearest exit which is very important if you take a large luggage. THE HOUSE IS AS THE DESCRIPTION AND THE PHOTO SHOWING HERE. If you walk around the blocks nearby, you could explore coffee shops, cafes, fashion stores, etc. very close to the subway entrance, and the nearest subway exit has an elevator. The room description and photos are consistent with reality. If you take a walk in the surrounding streets, you'll find many restaurants, cafes, fashion stores, etc.”
“I had a great time in Seoul thanks to Irin and her apartment! The house is close to the subway and there are many good restaurants in the neighborhood. The apartments look great! Very bright and nice space, the room was clean and cozy. Irin was very responsive and refined to revisited the furniture in the room according to my clothes. The mattress was very warm and the blanket was very warm! Irin also recommended for good places to go, wanted me around and was just awesome nice and kind! I welcome this place to everyone! If I ever plan a trip to Seoul again, I will stay here again!”
“Irin is a great host! She is very friendly, and was always responsive through messages and always happy to answer any questions I had about the relaxation or the circumstances hood. Her place had everything as advertised and it is also in an exceptional location with plenty of places to eat, convenience stores, and the Hansung subway station is also just a (approx.) 3 minute walk away. She was very hospitable and I always felt loved during my stay, and I would not have loved to book with her again for future trips to Seoul and I would have loved her place to solo female teenager!”
“Loved lovers at Irin's place. It was clean and clean, and as clean. Close to the train station too! She was also very helpful and friendly, and knows a lot about the area. Would have loved to come again.”
The house owner is a very kind person. She chose a lot of places to us. We become a very good friend during the trip. The room is very clean and cozy. And this room has a better deal compare with the other rooms. Wish we can stay overnight in Seoul.
“My stay with Irin was delightful! Her place is close to the bus and subway, as well as convenient and convenient. It's amazingly quiet even though it's on a main road. Irin relaxation advice of places to go relaxation for me. She was always available to answer questions too. She is a wonderful host and I hope to stay with her again!”
“Irin was very happy with the stay, wanted me around her local area and had many things in line for great relaxation if you visited Korea. She was very responsive to the booking process and made things smooth as butter. I would highly recommend her as a host and her place for a stay. If I were to visit Korea again, I would reach out and book this place to stay.”